Add OPFS standalone article / Update API landing to "File System API" (#27440)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/filesystemdirectoryhandle/index.md

{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("File System Access API")}}

> The **`FileSystemDirectoryHandle`** interface of the {{domxref("File System Access API", "File System Access API", "", "nocode")}} provides a handle to a file system directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`FileSystemDirectoryHandle`** interface of the {{domxref("File System Living Standard", "File System Living Standard", "", "nocode")}} provides a handle to a file system directory.
```
